## A lot to remember? Here's your Quest cheat sheet.

If that all seems like a lot to keep track of and implement, well, it can be. But you don't have to do all of the work yourself. We created Easydata because we wanted to make reproducibility easy to do, by default, without having to think about it. And if there's ever anything we forget or need to look up regularly, we include it in the documentation, so reminders on how to do things reproducibly are right there, with every Easydata generated repo.

All in all, here's how you can make your work reproducible using Easydata:

1. **Where to start?**
    * Easydata created repo with autogenerated README and LICENSE

2. **Where to go next?**
    * `make` automated workflows
    * Keep default a project organization
    * Use a `git-worflow.md`
3. **What to install?**
    * `make create_environment` with `environment.yml`
4. **Where to get the data?**
    * `Dataset.load("my-dataset-recipe")`
5. **Does it work as expected?**
    * `make test`
6. **What's the point?**
    * Remove excess code from the story using the `src` module


Of course, these are our opinions and our choices. Maybe they won't all suit you, and that's when you can drop down the rabbit hole to the level of the reproducibility principles behind it. Maybe you'll even disagree with one of these principles. The framework is flexible, so make your own choices, adapt it, make it your own and let us know what you've done along the way so we can iterate and make what we do better, together. We're always iterating, simplifying and cut-cut-cutting. We appreciate feedback and contributions along the way.

Finally, last of all, to complete the Easydata Quest for Reproducibility `make complete_quest`.